Database Migration's is the tool to change the database schema.
For example, every time you need to create a new table or add new columns to an existing table, you
should create a new migration file.
Every migration file has a very simple structure.
It is a PE class with two methods called up and down.
Up is responsible for making the changes forward down for rolling them back.
Laravel gives you two useful classes.
Schema and blueprint schema has methods to create, change and delete database tables.
Blueprint is used to create or modify or delete individual table columns.
Migrations are applied and rolled back using artisan commands, artisan migrate to apply outstanding
migrations.
Artisan migrate roll back to roll back loves to run migrations.
Whenever you run Migration's Laravel checks in the special database table, it creates whether the migration's
were already run.
If they were not, Laravel runs them.
The name of this table is configurable by default.
It is surprisingly called Migration's.
Let's take a look at some of the migrations that came out of the box with Laravel, as you see, all
migrations are kept in the database migrations folder.
Their names contain the date, time and short description.
That's a useful convention.
It allows Laravel to figure out the order in which migrations should be run from oldest to newest.
First also noticed, the most migration files look similar.
There is the are methods and down methods.
Both start with a call to one of their key Mamet's.
Then schema class methods often accept an anonymous function, which further using their blueprint class
instance, allows for specific things to happen to a table, usually adding, modifying or deleting
table columns.